aha I missed you I missed you too
oh so nervous about that letter but the
way you owned up to everything it just
showed me how much you've grown you know
I suppose you have Ross you have you
should give yourself credit I mean my
mom never thought this would work out oh
it was all once a cheater always a
cheater mm-hmm oh I just wish we hadn't
lost those four months but if time was
what you needed just to gain a little
perspective
coffeehouse bet and for the record it
took two people to break up this
relationship yeah you and that girl from
the copy place which yesterday you took
full responsibility for I didn't know
what I was taking responsibility for
okay I didn't finish the whole letter
what I fell asleep you fell asleep it
was 5:30 in the morning and you had
rambled on for 18 pages front and back
and by the way why are you apostrophe re
means you are
why do you are means you're I'm getting
back together with you we are so over
fine by me
come in handy when you're at home on
Saturday nights playing Scrabble with
Monica hey sorry I just feel bad about
all that sleep you're gonna miss wishing
you were with me oh no don't you worry
about me falling asleep I still have
your letter
you know it's not that common it doesn't
happen to every guy and it's a big deal
I knew it
Jim we were playing gin you know for a
couple we could play this game naked
would you stop okay all right okay all
right I think you're great I think
you're sweet and you're smart and I love
you but you will always be the guy who
peed on me
you